# OptriTool - Simplify USDT Payments on Tron Blockchain

## Overview

OptriTool is a powerful payment tool designed to streamline transactions using
USDT tokens on the Tron blockchain. With OptriTool, users can effortlessly make
payments and manage groups of people, whether they are employees, contractors,
freelancers, or family members. This intuitive tool provides a user-friendly
interface and offers enhanced functionality compared to traditional crypto
wallets.

## Key Features

**Group Management:** Create and manage multiple groups of people, each with
their own display name, wallet address, default amount value, contacts, and
comments. Keep your payment activities organized and easily accessible.

**Blockchain Payments:** OptriTool leverages the Tron blockchain to process
payments, ensuring secure and efficient transactions. Users are required to
have a TronLink wallet and pay gas fees to complete their payments.

**Registration Options:** OptriTool supports registration through Email Magic
Link, GitHub, and Google. In the future, we plan to expand registration
options to include LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook, providing even more
convenience and accessibility for our users.

**Data Storage:** OptriTool securely stores all payment-related data on the
backend, keeping it readily available for future reference and analysis.

**Archiving Capability:** Seamlessly archive or unarchive both companies and
individuals, allowing for flexible management of payment recipients.

**User-Friendly Interface:** OptriTool boasts an intuitive and easy-to-use
interface, making it effortless for users to navigate through the platform
and perform payment tasks. It is designed to be responsive and works
seamlessly on both desktop and mobile devices.

Please note that the availability of features and the user interface may vary
slightly depending on the device used, but OptriTool is designed to deliver a
seamless experience across both desktop and mobile platforms.

## Installation

OptriTool is available as a web-based platform accessible to users worldwide.
Simply visit our website to start using OptriTool and take advantage of its
powerful features.

However, we understand that some users may prefer to store data locally and
have greater control over their installation. If you wish to install OptriTool
on your own server (Linux), laptop, or PC, our team is here to assist you
throughout the process.

## Compatibility

OptriTool can be accessed through our website and is compatible with both
desktop and mobile devices. However, it's important to note that payments can
only be made using the desktop version of OptriTool.

To process payments, users are required to have a TronLink wallet installed and
connected to the platform. Rest assured that other features of the platform can
be utilized without the need for an installed wallet.

## Pricing

OptriTool is currently free to use, with no platform commissions imposed on
transactions. Enjoy the convenience and efficiency of managing your USDT
payments without any additional costs.

Simplify your payment workflow and experience the power of OptriTool today!

## Screenshots

### Companies List

![Companies List](./screenshots/companies-list.png)

### Employees List

![Employees List](./screenshots/employees-list.png)

### Add New Employee

![Add New Employee](./screenshots/add-new-employee.png)

### Pay Salary

![Pay Salary](./screenshots/pay-salary.png)
